=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Twitter - Twitter when you release with Dist::Zilla

=head1 VERSION

version 0.012

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your C<<< dist.ini >>>:

   [Twitter]
   hash_tags = #foo
   url_shortener = TinyURL

In your C<<< .netrc >>>:

    machine api.twitter.com
      login YOUR_TWITTER_USER_NAME
      password YOUR_TWITTER_PASSWORD

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin will use L<Net::Twitter> with the login and password in your
C<<< .netrc >>> file to send a release notice to Twitter.  By default, it will include
a link to your README file as extracted on a fast CPAN mirror.  This works
very nicely with L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ReadmeFromPod>.

The default configuration is as follows:

   [Twitter]
   tweet_url = http://cpan.cpantesters.org/authors/id/{{$AUTHOR_PATH}}/{{$DIST}}-{{$VERSION}}{{$TRIAL}}.readme
   tweet = Released {{$DIST}}-{{$VERSION}}{{$TRIAL}} {{$URL}}
   url_shortener = TinyURL

The C<<< tweet_url >>> is shortened with L<WWW::Shorten::TinyURL> or
whichever other service you choose and
appended to the C<<< tweet >>> messsage.  The following variables are
available for substitution in the URL and message templates:

       DIST        # Foo-Bar
       VERSION     # 1.23
       TRIAL       # -TRIAL if is_trial, empty string otherwise.
       TARBALL     # Foo-Bar-1.23.tar.gz
       AUTHOR_UC   # JOHNDOE
       AUTHOR_LC   # johndoe
       AUTHOR_PATH # J/JO/JOHNDOE
       URL         # http://tinyurl.com/...

You must be using the C<<< UploadToCPAN >>> or C<<< FakeRelease >>> plugin for this plugin to
determine your CPAN author ID.

You can use the C<<< hash_tags >>> option to append hash tags (or anything,
really) to the end of the message generated from C<<< tweet >>>.

   [Twitter]
   hash-tags = #perl #cpan #foo

=for Pod::Coverage after_release

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests by email to C<bug-dist-zilla-plugin-twitter at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Twitter>. You will be automatically notified of any
progress on the request by the system.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-twitter>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/dist-zilla-plugin-twitter.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2011 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

